Many men struggle to attract and keep women they like because they annoyingly make critical mistakes that make women disqualify them. So today I'm going to reveal the 10 things you should absolutely avoid doing If you want to show woman that you have the qualities that they're looking for starting off with number one and that is sending explicit pictures of yourself guys. If you are sending news to women especially women you don't know you are making a grave mistake. First off we live in a world where everything lives forever. Now if you're you know late 20s, early 30s back when we had the razor flip phones, maybe you could get away with it. But nowadays with the world of technology, social media, I promise you more than likely somebody can save that information without you even knowing the reason why I know this. it's because I've done it. I've had girls send me news on Snapchat, you know thinking that it disappears. I've had girls send me you know, disappearing Whatsapp messages but little do they know? I got multiple phones. I got systems and things where I can pictures like guys in this day and age. It's just in your best interest to not do it. Save yourself some future heartache. Think about it. What if you get famous or popular one day and now you got nudes somewhere out there just being floated around Guys never do it. And plus from a unsolicited perspective that's something you should never never do because women don't even like tick pics like they actually don't like it. It turns them off. So sending something that's unsolicited is going to be more of a turn-off than a turn on. However, there is is a right way to do so And the way you guys should do it is by doing a little teas. Now first off I only think you should do this for women. You are actually seeing Longterm But what you want to do is show like a little print in the mirror maybe pull your pants down like halfway, like give a little tease there. don't just like plot the [__] out and be like, oh, here's my dick n that's a turn off. Don't do that bro. Now number two, you never want to be too available. Now you probably heard this before, but some of you guys start to make this mistake as you get to know a woman more and more you become more available. you answer her calls, time it rings, you're always texting her. You never just seem like a busy guy who has things going on about his life. Listen, Women want you to make them a part of your life but not make them your whole entire life. Stay communicating with friends, stay on your purpose. And overall, if you just do this consistently, you'll naturally come off more busy and less available, Honestly, if you have a long-term relationship or a girl that you're casually dating right now, I believe that you should try to see her no more than three times a week. I know that sounds crazy for most people, but when you establish these boundaries, especially with a girl that you're seeing ongoing and consist l it makes her realize like, hey, this guy's time is valuable and when I do see him, I'm going to put in that much more effort because I don't get to see him and he's not as available as all the other sims who always wanted to see me every single day. At all points throughout the day, I've seen multiple relationships to where the guy was just always up the girl's ass. Like always wanted to see her while she was at work. um, wanted to spend the night at her place every single night and though it's flattering at first over time, I promise you, they start to resent you. And it's shown in very, very subtle ways. And it might take a long time to actually perspire this. But point is you just always want to make sure that you're not to available. There has to be a perfect balance. Number three is to never deal with a low interest woman. This, this was one of the things that literally changed my whole entire gating life. Like honestly me no longer dealing with low interest women and being able to recognize low, medium, high interest women is one of the things that really allowed me to stop wasting time because you'll start to realize that whenever you deal with these low interest women, you'll find yourself like, you know, a lot of chasing a lot of follow-ups, a lot of convincing and then overall, even if they do go out and meet with you it just won't be worth it in the long run because they won't be fully themselves because they really don't, like you, you have to convince and sell them on the idea of hanging out with you Like that's literally only what low value men do. And if you guys need help with identifying low, medium and high interest women, I actually did a full breakdown on my Patreon. Also I did a full breakdown reading texts on my Patreon of low, medium and highes women. So if you're now on the Patreon, be sure to check it out guys. I'm posting exclusive content every single week, things that I cannot post on Youtube. So if you guys love this content you're definitely going to love it over there on the Patreon. But point is no more low interest women maybe medium interest, we can get away with that. But low interest, absolutely not. what we should be doing is focusing on high interest women, women who choose us, women who almost beg for us to go out with them and you only get higher interest women once you make yourself more of an attractive man, and really start to leverage your sexual market value characteristics against the woman who you're personally attracted to. That only comes like I said, through leveling up your looks, your money, your status and presenting that consistently. Number four guys is to never be naive. I think the biggest thing with this is to not give women the benefit of the doubt. You know, once you just stop giving people and women, especially the benefit of the doubt, your life will get. So so much easier. So overall, you need to listen to that. internal voice. She's taking forever to reply more than likely. she ain't going to see you. You're getting weird vibes from the certain chick. More than likely. she don't like you listen to yourself and stop giving people and women, especially the benefit of the doubt. Once you do this, I promise you is going to make your life so much easier. Now another aspect of being naive is to not be naive to female nature understand that women are capable of acting in malicious ways against every single guy that they talk to, including yourself, just because she's one W with you doesn't mean she'll forever be that way with you. And it also doesn't mean she wasn't like that with somebody else. Point is the thing about female psychology and female nature is that they're capable of acting whichever way to the right guy right now, you just might happen to be that right guy to where they don't act like that but let you slip up let she get too comfortable with you and I promise you you're going to be back to searching. Why is she acting like this on Youtube? don't do it bro. don't be naive. Number five is said never go 50/50 Now of course there's some exceptions with this but by and large you guys always should be trying to leverage yourself in a high position than your woman because that positions you in the leadership frame and role 50/50 relationships. There's really no decision maker. There always has to be a decision maker. You got to remember men are providers and protectors keyword being providers Women look and want a man to provide for them. That means that you're not splitting cost. Now in terms of living situations maybe you could pay the rent and then she's the one who buys the groceries and foods and and does the electric bills there's so many ways you can go about this but point is if you're the type of guy where they split everything 50/50 down the middle especially if you're making more than your girl that will only lead to future resentment and it really showcases who you are as a man you're not a provider and overall that's unattractive number six never go unprotected I can confidently say I've never had a STD in my life now statistically that should be borderline impossible given the amount of women I've been with but the reason I can say that is because I've always wrapped it up now the reason why a lot of you guys go unprotected is because you're you're emotional you do things in the moment you know you're not really rational or logical. You don't think about the future and the negative uh side effects or downsides that comes with thinking in the moment you're unpredictable. you're irrational And point is you need to start thinking like seriously about your health One raw move can really ruin your life forever. I tell this story every now and then, but I remember I had this really attractive chick man like probably the most attractive chicks I dealt with at the time. This was back in like 2021 2020 and we've been out on a few dates and as we're about to, you know make the move go had the business meeting she S me and was like, hey, I want to tell you something I'm like what And she was like I have genital herpes and now I highly appreciate her for telling me this But point is a lot of girls don't tell guys. Or what if she didn't tell me You guys singing in the moment would have gone in raw dog And now you got herpes for the rest of your life, bro. It could be really that fast. So start wrapping it up and you'll thank yourself in the long run. Not only from STDs, but also obviously having kids. Number seven is to never let yourself go. This is more for my relationship, guys, My guys in long--term relationships. I promise you, I always see these videos on tik-toks and even these Facebook couples to where they're showing like a before and after and they both got fat. They both lets themselves go. Now I understand if like she lets herself go, but you don't. but if you both are letting yourself go, that means you both have bad habits and that means you both aren't trying to make your partners happy in the long run. If you're in a long--term relationship you can never get comfortable. You always have to act as if literally tomorrow you can be single and what happens when guys are single tomorrow. All of a sudden they start caring about their appearance when they should have cared about their appearance the whole entire time. Also when you keep making yourself more attractive and you don't get comfortable. This sparks something called competition anxiety in your girl which makes her want to do more for you and make herself more attractive. So it's a win--win-overall. So never get complacent in your looks, especially long term. Number eight is to don't show emotional weakness. Now if you've been with a girl for a very long time, I'm talking 3. 4. 5 plus years every now and then to show some vulnerability Express your feelings that's fine point is you don't want to do it all the time I'm saying all the time Especially for you emotional guys out there us guys we're we've always heard that guys are very logical emotionalist, But I've met some emotional dudes man you guys who are always like crying about something or always have a problem with something It seems like your life is like never okay And you outwardly express that to your social media to your girl to your friends which is fine in most cases the point is you want to limit that emotional vulnerability especially with women around you because one you want to frame yourself in a platonic friend sort of guy You don't want to frame yourself in the position as the platonic or that friend guy and number two you lose your sense of stoicism and your rock and hardness to a woman who looks up to you as that protector. You want a man who is calm, who doesn't get derailed, Who doesn't go to them to be the therapist? And yes, I know it sucks. I know as a man, life is hard, but life is hard For every gender We both have our pretty much pros and cons that we have to deal with. And one of the cons of being a guy is that you should not be emotionally vulnerable, especially all the time, The more that you learn to be stoic with your emotions, the more is actually very hard to cry. Like I literally can't even remember the last time I cried. I think for me to cry, my whole family might have to get murdered, honestly. But that's just me personally, I'm not that emotional of a guy. but I've trained myself to be that way over the course of time. Number nine is that you don't want to settle for relationships. I see this all the time. The guys who want a girlfriend? So the first girl they start talking to, they immediately start pedaling her, start romanticizing this relationship with her. When point is she hasn't proven anything to you. why she should be a girlfriend long term. So never said metal. If anything, you should be more strict on what qualifies for a girl to be in your life long term. and you should vet and vetting is really a long process. I believe you guys should vet minimum 6 months if you want a girl to be your girlfriend overall throughout this vetting process, Not only do you go through her history to see her background, how she is with people, her patience levels but to also prove to you why she should be a girlfriend in the first place. A lot of these girls are not deserving of a long--term relationship. You will only know that once you dealt with them for 6 months to a year, I'm telling you most of these girls are amazing actors. You would think she's one way within the first few months, but then get to month three, month four, you start to realize she was a totally different person and you didn't know that because you settled. And an easy question, you can ask yourself to see if you settled, ask yourself, Would Austin Dunham, date this shick, Would Austin Dunham, approve of me dating her long term. even. Would Austin DAM approve of me casually dating her or even hooking up with her for the night? If the answer is no, that's a clear sign that you settled and you should focus on improving rather than settling. Now lastly, guys, you don't want to be too red pilled. I understand that the red pill wave is sort of dying down. And it had a big height back in 2020, 2021. However, I still come across guys who are intensely redpilled to the point where it almost comes off like they hate women. Now obviously, I am very redpilled. I understand female nature. I understand female psychology. However, I don't hate women. I also tried not to be negative towards every situation of long--term relationships or even casual relationships. I just know what to expect. Nothing surprises me anymore. And I have an answer as to why people act the way they do. It's all really rooted within biology and evolutionary psychology. The reason why she flaged on you, the reason why she doesn't like you that much is because you did these things or there was another better option, aka hypergamy. You just overall tend to accept it this Yes, the way it is, it's always been that way it's just more amplified now because of social media and the world that we're living in. However, you don't want to hate it. Once again, we accept it and we learn and we adjust honestly, anything a girl does at this point. like I can literally be seeing a girl for probably 5 years. And if she decides to wake up and leave me tomorrow, I'll be like, yeah, I expected that like not literally nothing surprises me anymore and I would probably know the reason why without even having to ask her. So once you do understand human nature, once you are to some degree right Pilled, don't go outwardly expressing your ideas, especially to to women. Because the red pill is almost like a, a secret society. You see a guy is red pill. Like, give him a nod. You know, you don't outwardly express red pill on your t-shirt or talk about ideologies all day. Like, no, don't do that, bro. point is we want to use a red pill to have better relationships, not to make our relationships worse. So, by following these guidelines, you should now navigate relationships with confidence and avoid the common pitfalls that many men will face. Remember, self--respect, and maintaining your own life, are key to attracting women and keeping the right women long term. don't forget to check out the Patreon down below, and I'm going see you guys in the next video. Peace